Add Stencyl Engine (#355)
SteamDatabase/FileDetectionRuleSets: descriptions/Engine.Stencyl.md

> [**Stencyl**](https://www.stencyl.com/) is a intuitive [**open source**](https://github.com/Stencyl/stencyl-engine) toolset for making 2D games for iOS, Android, Windows, Mac, Linux, and HTML5.
> It uses a block based drag-and-drop interface, similar to MIT's Scratch, Google's Blockly, Microsoft's MakeCode Arcade, or code.org. Stencyl's block interface is highly extendable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**Stencyl**](https://www.stencyl.com/) is an intuitive open source toolset for making 2D games.
```
